I learned a lot during this course and during all the assignments I had to do. During this assignment I faced many challenges. First, when I try to automatically generate the ODD file it is difficult to do it even if I follow the instructions in the Burnard article’s. I thought that encoding was laborious but in fact customization was more complicated. I thought customization will be a little easier to realize but it won’t. I had difficulties at first to create the rules I wanted in order to personalize my ODD. I don’t know where to start so I take the time to write the three rules on paper in order to understand how the elements work together. It was a little long to do but more efficient than when I try to do it directly on Oxygen. Of course, when I write it on Oxygen I see directly how all the <elementSpec> work together and understand what was missing. Then, the hard part came when I did the second transformation ODD to RNG. The transformation created multiple errors. At first I tried to understand where the error came from. I added <moduleRef> at the beginning of the document thinking that may solve the problem. On the contrary, it creates more, and the more I try to solve the issues, the more I create. I passed two errors to sixty-one in a few seconds. So, I take the time to read the issue and understand them. When I feel stuck I ask at chatGPT what will be the cause of the errors I had. I figure that most of the problem came because of the doublon I created at the beginning. For example, one of them was, I forgot to declare the schematron’s prefix.